---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Twelve
---

__What did I do this week?__ This week was a pretty simple week for me. I only had an assignment in Foundations of Management due this week, and those are pretty simple, so I spent a lot of time relaxing and putting off the work I have due next week. Surprisingly, I actually ended up getting started on the programming for performance assignment I have due next week, but I can’t say I got a very significant portion done. I’m not too concerned about either assignment, though, so overall it’s been a welcome week after the rather stressful week that preceded it. 

__What’s in your way?__ Next week I have the final phase of IDB and a programming for performance assignment due on Thursday. Individually, they seem easier than the other assignments we’ve had in both classes, which is nice, but I’m concerned about the fact that they’re due two hours from each other. 

__What will you do next week?__ I have to figure out a way to get both of my assignments done on time. Optimally, I’d get a significant amount of work done early in the week for both, and then I’d continue working on both throughout the week. It’s likely that either I’ll have to be available in only a limited capacity to my SWE group on Thursday, or my programming for performance partner and I will have to have our code mostly done and running on Stampede during the day on Thursday to have it hopefully finish before we submit IDB phase 3, so we can finish the PFP report after finishing SWE.

__What's your experience of the class?__ I’m enjoying the design pattern and refactoring lessons; I think both concepts are invaluable and useful. I’m taking software design this semester, so I’ve already seen some of these patterns before, but going over them again is nice because I definitely didn’t pay attention enough when we learned them in that class.

__Tip of the Week:__ The fourth season of Silicon Valley begins in a week, so if you haven’t watched it before, now is a good time to start. I honestly find the storyline a little bit weak, but there are a ton of funny moments, and there’s some pretty good CS humor.
